All right. So what would we say—six documents?
Fuck.

No, you’re good. They’re all in your Downloads folder.

Right, but what was the name of those?
Yeah, they’re at the… over there—plus sign. The plus sign.

Hold on, wait, wait, wait. Download. Add one, three, four, one.

Spirit—I don’t know what I heard, but I heard something.

I said, what we’re gonna do is we’re gonna move ahead, get everything arranged, get everything right, and have our little Arab terrorist Chinese…

It’s being recorded. See.
Okay. Now it’s kind of incriminating.

Oh, it’s not incriminating. And just for posterity.
I feel as though if somebody were doing a crime, and then they say out loud, “this is incriminating,” that would probably be an unwise thing to say.

But not—exactly. We’re not committing a crime.
It’s just facetious. You’re being a little deceitious.

I thought it was funny because just imagine:
Somebody’s like recording themselves committing a crime and they’re like, “hmm, this is criminal activity,” while they’re recording themselves.

I mean, hey—it’s not like it’s never happened before.
Depends on the crime.

All right, well—if you’re in the U.S., smoking weed would be committing a crime.
It’s not legal in Quintana Roo, is it?

We’re allowed to consume in-house. It is completely legal.
Fuck yeah, I love Mexico.

I swear to God: to smoke weed in your house, it’s completely legal.
And to drink alcohol—thank God.

You’re allowed to drink alcohol. You’re allowed to be intoxicated in your house.
There you go. Because it is your house.

⸻

All right, so let’s talk about the click-through rate.

So when we’re taking a look at these 121 conversions right here, right?
These actually ended up becoming messages.

So we’ve got the WhatsApp click rate where we’ve got 121 messages,
but those are all the Mexican campaign rate.

That was the one we… yeah, because the other one doesn’t go to one.
Okay. Yeah.

But you said you’re not really getting the best results from that right now at all.

Okay—so what if you routed a U.S. Spanish-speaking audience to that?

I don’t understand.

Instead of whatever audience you’re currently running to that, run a custom Spanish-speaking audience to that.
Yeah, I can do that right now.

Oh my God, let’s do it.

Okay, so that’s why I added myself to the… perfect.

So that being said, we can run this twice.

So let’s just take a look at this real quick, okay?

We’ve got the 146 leads booked from 30,645 people.

Something’s interesting that I noticed earlier:
146 leads for 30,645 people… that’s 0.4%.

That’s the exact same conversion rate you have on your Spanish-speaking ad for Mexico.
That’s crazy. Exact same.

0.004… same.

What does that mean?

That means… that’s Meta algorithmic precision.
That’s what you can expect from a week-old campaign.

It gets better over time. That’s what they say.

So half of the job of an agency (just like I told you at the beginning) is managing client expectations.

“No, no—don’t freak out. It’s just a week, you’re good. This is what always happens.”

And if they’re a good agency, they’ll let you know ahead of time:
“Here—look, this is what you’re gonna see. I’m letting you know ahead of time so you don’t freak out.”

When you spend a good amount of money on Facebook, you have to keep that spend.
You can’t change it.

If you change it, it messes with the algorithm. It has to reset.
And this is 100% true.

That being said, Meta also has their own fucking thing. It’s called ad fraud—
meaning 10% of all the ad spend you actually upload never gets used. They take it.

They give you just enough to make you continue to spend.

But here’s the thing:
It takes like 2–3 weeks for the ads to learn, to mature, to really pick up.

So you gotta stick with it.

So you get quality leads.
Exactly.

Now, that being said, we need to go through the results of:
	•	your current campaign for U.S., and
	•	your current campaign for Mexico.

Yes—because they’ve got the exact same conversion rate, bro. That’s crazy.

And not only that—
You’ve got (I wrote it down earlier) 140 U.S. leads and 202 Mexican leads. You know that?

Yeah—no idea.

And you spend less on the Mexico.
Of course.

So again:
U.S. campaign: 16,183 pesos spent (about 899).
Mexican campaign: 4,534 pesos spent.

That’s pesos.

This one’s 121 (my bad). 121.

But you also have these that we’re going…
No, no, those are old.

That says November 13th, 2025.
You had 45 conversations that got populated.

We sort of think okay with those, but we needed a new campaign.

What I’m saying is:
We’re gonna take a retargeting—like find everybody that’s ever clicked.

Exactly. Exactly.

But then we can download all of those (just like I asked you to download those) and send them to me.
And then enrich them and see who we got.

Okay.

So that’s why I sent this over from myself to you.

Now that being said—remind me—was that the American campaign that we sent the data, the CSV file?
Yeah. That was American. Pretty sure.

Yeah, we just check out the WhatsApp.
So those were all the CSV files—the one and three and four.

Okay, yeah—that was the American one.

So let’s go ahead…

⸻

Please?
No.

Were you able to find the files?
Yeah—here’s the first one.

I’m just gonna go ahead and switch it real quick, see what we get.

I wanted to show you this part.

Okay, so we got:
	•	Ad ID
	•	Ad name
	•	Ad set
	•	Campaign ID

Okay, hold on. See if I recognize any of these.
Should be a 64-character code.

Campaign form name… for our records… full email… full name…

Here you go.

I did this, and I’m gonna send this information to you,
because I tried to get this fucking guy to do it, but like I said—he’s not working.

He’s acting like I owe him my life or something.
I just didn’t feel right. Did not feel.

Don’t scare him off just yet.
Yeah, right.

’Cause you can take the power back.
Of course.

And put him in his place, which is: “Make me money.”
Exactly. Here’s your money. Go fucking make me money.

At the end of the day, we’re the owners of the clinic.

Yeah—and it’s not just that, man.
When it comes to deciding who gets the money, of course you fucking do.

Of course you do, right?

You pay him through your bank account—
not him holding you hostage.

That’s not okay.
No, no, no. Not at all.

’Cause he’s gonna have me by the balls, of course.

All I have to do is tell Patient Preferred to change that account.
Yeah, but we gotta get that account first, which means we gotta spend some money.

I’ll be happy. For me, it’s not spending—it’s an investment.
I’ll be happy to make the investment once I get some money rolling.

So you get just one sale, so it doesn’t go the way you expect it to go?
Like, in terms of where the payment goes?

Right.

⸻

Shaw, can you put this in the AI?
What’s up?

That information that you sent me on WhatsApp—
it’s a very good, thorough search I did.

It took me a little bit, but it got some good information that I think is valuable.

Okay.

I want you to put this in your memory for future use.
Have you done that in ChatGPT? Tell it: “I want you to put this in your memory.”

Oh yeah. Oh yeah.

You know what’s interesting?
I filled out my memory a long time ago, and my ChatGPT on mobile thinks I’m who I was a year ago (business operation-wise).

Oh, really?

So I have yet to dive into the data and replace it with what I want it to be,
because I don’t really use it as much as I use my main account now.

Just the business account that I have at the highest possible level—somebody else was paying for it.

200 bucks?

There is one program I use that’s 100 bucks, another one that’s another 100 bucks.
Another one that’s Gemini (paying Gemini in Google).

It’s honestly the cheapest, best too.

Also, you have a few “buckies” running.
Oh yeah.

Dude—here’s the thing: I’ve got several different platforms I use, several different models.
So I’ve got a good amount of experience with it.

Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah, man.

⸻

All right, but let me just make sure I got everything I needed.

So essentially, in this list, we get:
	•	phone number
	•	email
	•	first name

The rest is the form fill / form information.
I like the metadata.

So that means we just need to upload:
	•	first name
	•	last name
	•	phone number
	•	email

So we’ll grab the phone number… where’s the phone number?
There it is.

And is this a personal email or a business email, or should we just put “email”?
That’s how this works, right?

So: first name, last name, email, phone number.

⸻

(Background / home / lighting)

About that time, she turned on the lights. Think so.
Man, look at that—we got dark clouds and crazy…

This is winter, right?

When we got here, the sun was blaring down at the town.
Nice, huh?

We did get a nice sun glare.
Yeah, we did.

I don’t think I’m on the place.
Lights are out.

I know. It’s really a nice home.
I love it.

Me too, man.

⸻

All right, here we go.

So with your technology, what we’re gonna do…
Here, I just need to accept.

Get a better audience?
Yeah, yeah, yeah—exactly.

So essentially, with the Mexican campaign, we’re gonna go ahead—

How much are you spending on that right now?
Budget 350 pesos daily?

Yeah—keep that running.
Yeah, we will.

(Leaving / food)

Are you [going to] get some pizza… food?
Yeah?

I’ll be back. I’ll be back.

Let me get the door for you, honey.
Thank you. Thank you so much.

It’s pizza.

Are you going to La Fazine?
Yeah. The four…