We are giving the patients a certificate of authenticity.
Yes—of authenticity that this is gold-diamond. Okay.

Carbon diamonds, and zirconium.

So this particular client:
You said she was charged / quoted how much in the U.S.?
$32,000 something.

And now you’re going to offer her this?
We’re going to offer the same procedure, but with the highest materials for this same procedure in the world.

How much?
$15,000.

Okay. 15, 16—we’re trying to figure out what we’re trying to do.
16, and then maybe work it down to 15.

Payment terms:
30% up front, 70%…

70% down—whatever she’s getting quoted for.
70% down, I think so. More or less.

Well, I mean—32 instead of 32, 16?
Yeah. More or less like 50%, maybe a little more, 60%. It’s pretty legit.

And I’m sure they’re not quoting her with the same quality materials we are.
Because if you were to do the same materials, it would cost her pretty much like 50 grand in the U.S.

At least 40. At least 40 with the materials we’re implementing now.

⸻

(Drink conversation)

Here I go. I have an [unclear] ready.
Feel staying the floor…
Your eyes reporting… Yeah.

Okay… what is that? What are you doing?

This is the… that’s… okay.

Mm hmm. It’s a perfect…

What’s that?
A little bit of wine in your coffee. Interesting.

Just a little bit—what did they say?
Tastes like a little grape with a little coffee grape.

It’s kind of bitter. It’s interesting. I’ve never seen that before.
Because they also put some tequila in that, right?

The tequila? Oh, you already finished that.
Yeah, I finished the tequila. But it’s just a touch, you know, it’s not like a lot.

⸻

(Transcription / workflow conversation)

So kind of actually funny—you know how I…
You ever had to transcribe?

No, I’ve never known how to do it. I’ve heard.

So it’s built in now to your iPhone. Mm hmm.
But for some reason, the second one didn’t transcribe.

So I have to take that list, split it up into three even lists,
and throw one of them through this audio transcriber in the process of building.

And I got it—got the whole damn thing.

The only thing I wasn’t doing really well (before I scrapped it all and made it as simple as possible) was:
	•	the timestamp, and
	•	diarization (meaning this speaker vs this speaker said this)

It was just all like one speaker was saying everything.
No, no—it was getting it. It was just not also giving me the timestamps I wanted.

Alright, so let’s go ahead and grab this right here and paste that in here.

Ah—see, I have to also go through here.

I’m gonna check on the empanadas real quick.
We missed out… (unclear Spanish)

⸻

Text / message:

Hi, John.
When you get a chance, please give me a call.
We’d like to talk a little bit about this patient with Dr. Carolina. Thank you.

I messed up—accidentally dropped some of the empanada.